hello youtube friends so this is
I am new to you in this story
today I come from hate in my first
video to find how to download the
micra 1.7 points with those of vallecas
good let's start we go to the first
limit I will leave you no friction
we copy the michael folder
let 's get
the sources
once once on the page
mediafire give you download is fed
of this because I have to do a
a code put something here
you 're not fast they know me why
good and download I do not do it anymore
I already have it
and we go to the next link
we give him copy
what we give
we are whole
and we do not download it once downloaded
they go to the place that they have it what
I have you will come out separated
as you already know good
how to analyze the minecraft folder
I'm going to open it so they can see so that
see blogs like Pakistan the mod in
although it has all the versions
because they do not want is that way they can put
other
well we give copy to copy them in
Folder
let's go here we go 9 percentages and pp nothing
and 9 percentage as you will see here
will appear a folder called rum in the
open
we give place to him I do not do it because
I have it as they ask as they will see good
we closed this
open the audio
still one thing that I wanted to tell you by the
gameplay I will do tutorials of how
download provide more things if you want
how to download the voice of the oquendo and go
least let's say bad in the comments
how the planet of diet says here
well you will tell him to put a name
they put him
connect or start games were that
this load
It was not a fast load because I already
has opened
another thing that I wanted to tell you is a
good computer or they have to
have a good computer or a medium
there so that the game does not stay
stuck I tell you this because why
a friend I had another channel and a video
meyer and they started telling me in the
comments that because it stays stuck and
this and another thing and it does not serve him
launcher tell tell me let us know by
the comments I upload other
please subscribe I like it would help me
pretty good we hope that charge
to something else would an area
a video of how to download 5 to 15
and in the torrent if they want to look at it
less also one of how to download the
gta 5 a virus and all those things
only life a melon as you see here
it will come out this will come to them bread no
music
You want the most and not the
I want to leave because I do not like the
music to another thing to say to those who
they are new to minecraft and do not know how
put in Spanish of options language
we look for the language they want
as spanish dentists from spanish spain
mexico spanish uruguay spanish venezuela
I then I put Spanish Spanish we
to be
to a player how is the box is a
home that I downloaded on the internet and the
they want
good you have to create world
no creator will tell you this
remembering worlds as they were here I do not know
I escape the video is not me
leaving these are stuck as I do not know if
is loading the ground
see that we are going to put the big
as you see here this is the house we had
around
I do not know if the scope in a video is passing
been in a
a zombie of 10 houses something 6th case very
old but I love how you see
how do you see this is the house
and let's go down here there will be a room
who will choose before if they want it
activate it security that the contracts
let's show it inside or by
in
we stop as they sell until the tables
from the field
we go down
but good we go
or free security system
how rare
good ladder
as they see so they saw the house let's say
who want
good friends this has been all
write me like tell me if you want more
tutorials
until next time